Hmph, it's just hilarious
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Supper you crazy
Mr. Gao is an adult who doesn't remember villains
Ready to let you go
What are you still doing here?
Mr. Gao, don't be angry.
He's a lunatic
Humph stop
Did I let you go?
The supper said you were a mad dog
Are you really fucking?
How can you rely on Fang Jiayi to support you?
Is Hu's Huwei here?
If you dare to bark again
Get out of there now
This is a private matter between me and him
It has nothing to do with Senior Yama
This powerful father listened to the panic you made
If not for Senior Yama's presence
Believe it or not this time
You are already a corpse lying on the ground
Ponyo
In a while, let Senior Yama not intervene and resign
Okay, that's true.
Don't date
Your man lies there as a corpse
You were crying.
I trust my man
Hmph, that's what you said shouldn't be
You have a minute.
It only takes 10 seconds to scrap him
Wait until you get scared
You kneel on the ground now and kowtow ten times
I can also consider giving you a good time.
I'm just afraid of getting the floor dirty
Let's go out and hum